Royale Viewer License

Version 1.1, June 2019
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE


1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use and reproduction of the Software as defined 
by sections 1 to 8 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the company pmdtechnologies ag, organised under the laws of Germany, with 
offices at Martinshardt 19, 57074 Siegen, Germany.

"Licensee" shall mean an individual or legal entity exercising permissions granted by this License.

"Software" shall mean the software "Royale Viewer" developed by Licensor and made available to the 
Licensee under this License.

"Third Party Software" shall mean a software program developed by an individual or legal entity other 
than the Licensor and supplied under the terms and conditions of a Third Party License.

"Third Party License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use and reproduction of the Third Party 
Software.

2. Grant of License.

Licensor grants to Licensee only for use in combination with imagers which use Licensor’s pixel 
technology a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, royalty-free license for the Software 
delivered by the Licensor solely for the purpose of technology evaluation.

For all other purposes, the Licensee shall require the prior written consent of the Licensor. Without 
such prior written consent of the Licensor, the Licensee shall in particular not be permitted to make 
the Software available to any third party.

3. Third party software

The Software may include, access or use Third Party Software. Any Third Party Software is provided to 
the Licensee subject to the terms and conditions of the corresponding Third Party License. The 
Licensor shall make available to the Licensee the Third Party Licenses. The Licensee represents and 
warrants to comply with all terms and conditions of such Third Party Licenses.

4. Warranty Disclaimer.

UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, THE LICENSE GRANTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR 
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE GRANT OF LICENCE UNDER THIS DOCUMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THIRD PARTY 
CLAIMS, UNLESS LIABILITY IS MANDATORY AT LAW, E. G. IN CASES OF PERSONAL INJURY, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR 
INTENT.

6. Reservation of Rights.

The Licensor reserves all right, title and interest in the Software and any part thereof not 
expressly granted to the Licensee in this document. Except as expressly provided herein, the Licensor 
does not grant any express or implied right under any patents, copyrights, trademarks or any other 
intellectual property or proprietary right to the Licensee.

7. Non-Disclosure.

The Licensee accepts that the Software as well as all parts thereof represent confidential 
information of the Licensor. The Licensee therefore undertakes to treat the Software and all parts 
thereof received from the Licensor as strictly confidential and to make it available only to those 
employees who need to know that information for the purposes intended by this document.

The duty of confidentiality shall not apply if the Licensee can prove that (i) it has received the 
confidential information lawfully and without any obligation of secrecy by a third party; (ii) the 
confidential information was already known to the public or generally accessible prior to its 
disclosure by the Licensor; (iii) the information was made known or generally accessible to the 
public through no fault of the Licensee after its disclosure; or (iv) the Licensee has developed or 
created the confidential information on his own.

8. Final Provisions.

This document shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from this agreement shall be Siegen, Germany.


END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

